# v5.0.0 Release Notes

This release is primarily about firming up KeyVault support and more flexibility in the configuration management utilities. The v4.x series introduced KeyVault support both for application configuration and as a resource but the lack of synchronous support and the need
to bring along older applications caused some friction and introduced potentially dangerous scenarios when you can't do async all the way down.

This release addresses those issues by introducing asynchronous resource providers (IAsyncApplicationResourceFactory and IAsyncAzureApplicationResourceFactory) and adds Windows Console app versions of the Powershell cmdlets. I've found that
even when including a message pump in the cmdlets some scenarios still cause unfriendly error messages and issues when exiting the cmdlet.

I've marked the old "sort of synchronous" KeyVault work obsolete and will remove it in a future version.

I'm also considering dropping the non-async interfaces and implementations completely - very few people use them.

### Asynchronous Factories and Configuration

* Support for asynchronous and lazy resource provider creation
* Support for asynchronous application setting providers
* Added a command line / Windows Console App equivelant for the Set-KeyVaultSecrets cmdlet
* Added a command line / Windows Console App equivelant for the New-ApplicationResources cmdlet
* Created a new NuGet package AccidentalFish.ApplicationSupport.CmdLine that includes the command line / Windows Console Apps.

### Obsolete

* The IKeyVaultConfiguration class has been marked obsolete and will be removed in a future version. Using key vault in situations where you can't do "async all the way down" is dangerous with a high risk of dead lock without an awful lot of care. The preferred approach going forwards is the asynchronous support resource factories and settings added in this version.
